[mysterious music playing]
[narrator] Whether you believe it or not,
the world around you
is filled with strange phenomena
that science has yet to explain.
And in those unfortunate moments
when people come face-to-face with them,
they are helplessly thrown
into the dark depths of fear.
But there are those who choose
to fight against the darkness every day,
shining a ray of hope into that chaos.
These warriors opposing the shadows
are called psychics.
PSYCHICS
[music concludes]
[man] I know what I saw,
and it wasn't of this world.
Weird stories about this place
have been around forever.
-That's how I bought it so cheap.
-[eerie music playing]
[man] But I never put much stock
into that sort of thing.
The problems with my fields always seem
to happen right before harvest time.
So one night, I got curious
and decided to find out what was going on.
That's when I saw it!
Some squirmy thing dancing
around the sky above my fields!
The very next morning,
all my crops had rotted
right where they stood.
Lucky for me, I'm only growing
these crops as a hobby.
But after three years
in a row of this happening,
it's really starting to scare me.
Harvest time is right around the corner.
And that's why I decided
-to give you a call.
-[sighs]
[man] I figure if anyone
can help me out of this,
it's a psychic, like you.
-[mellow music playing]
-You made the right call, sir.
[man] But the problem is,
my moron of a son is gonna be
starting up high school next year and, uh…
-I can't really--
-Kinda short on funds, are you?
[man] That depends, uh…
[sighs]
I'm trying to make a living, you know.
I need to make sure I'm getting
properly compensated for my time.
EXECUTING THE EXORCISM!!
[man] Of course.
-[birds chirping]
-[Reigen] How about this.
If I can get rid of whatever it is
that's haunting your fields…
[man] Uh--
…you give me 30% of your next harvest!
Sound like a deal?
[man] Uh!
He'll take payment in vegetables?
[music concludes]
[Reigen] I looked into this a little
and I don't think there's any issues
with the fertilizer or the soil. [sighs]
Which means
I've ruled out any natural causes.
What do you think, Mob?
-[crows cawing]
-I think you should stop telling me
to drop everything for you.
[Reigen]
It might be a daikon radish spirit.
[Mob] Radishes have spirits?
Hmm? Hold on. Did you see something move?
-[eerie music playing]
-Yeah, I did.
It's weak, but I sense a presence.
[scarecrow]
I heard you talking this afternoon.
You're gonna get rid of me, huh?
-[wind whooshing]
-[scarecrow laughs]
Uh-huh. Hey, Mob.
-Take care of this, will ya?
-Sure.
-[scarecrow screams]
-[music concludes]
-We done, then?
-Uh-huh.
It was only hanging out in the scarecrow,
so I don't think
it was that big of a threat.
-[ground rumbling]
-[groans]
What the hell?
[Mob] Oh. That's the spirit's actual body.
[Reigen] So the scarecrow was a decoy?
[yelps, yells]
[dramatic music playing]
HIGH-LEVEL SPIRIT
WRIGGLE WRIGGLE
[Wriggle Wriggle] This land belongs to me!
No one else can claim it!
Oh, yeah? Then show me the deed!
Do you even have the faintest idea
how much work it takes
to raise crops, you squatter?
That's a nasty prank to play on someone!
[Wriggle Wriggle] Oh, don't worry.
I'm not letting the ripened crops
go to waste.
Or did you think that spirits can't eat?
[Reigen]
Well, it's not like you need the calories!
[Wriggle Wriggle]
No, but I can absorb the life energy
of the crops in the fields.
So they are most definitely feeding me!
[laughs]
You damn vegetable thief.
Now, Mob! Blow him away!
-Right.
-[explosion]
[Wriggle Wriggle] Well done, kid.
But your loudmouthed buddy
seems pretty powerless to me!
-[yells]
-[Wriggle Wriggle laughs]
Master!
[Wriggle Wriggle] Both of you will end up
as my fertilizer!
-[vines whooshing]
-[booming]
[Wriggle Wriggle]
You're wasting your time.
No matter how many vines
and roots you destroy,
they're only
a small part of the plant I control!
But seriously, don't even try to hurt me.
If you do, I'll strangle this man
and rip his corpse apart.
-[dramatic music continues]
-Uh… [grunts]
[Wriggle Wriggle] What a child you are.
I mean, you were going to die either way,
you know.
[Mob] If cutting away the vines
and roots doesn't damage him at all,
-then he's not possessing them.
-[music concludes]
[Mob] He's controlling them.
Like he's got a remote.
I've never even thought about that before.
[tense music playing]
[Mob] I could do it too,
the same way as this evil spirit.
-[energy pulses]
-[whooshing]
[Wriggle Wriggle] What the hell?
[vines cracking, crunching]
Hmm?
The plant's not moving around anymore.
Well, that's because I gave it an order.
I sent it stronger telepathic waves
than the evil spirit,
so I was able to control it.
That was the right answer, Mob.
Nice job figuring it out.
-[ground rumbles]
-[dramatic music playing]
[Wriggle Wriggle]
You annoying little brat!
You stole control of the plant from me!
-You're gonna pay for that!
-[vines whooshing]
-[Wriggle Wriggle] Die, bastard!
-[booming]
-[Wriggle Wriggle] Damn you!
-[Reigen] Huh?
[yells]
-[Wriggle Wriggle screams]
-[music concludes]
[Mob] What's all this about?
I thought I'd try some home gardening.
And if it works, it'll help save
a chunk of change on groceries.
The vegetables that guy was supposed
to give us got torn to shreds.
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
-[mellow music playing]
-[Reigen] So instead, he gave us soil,
fertilizer, and vegetable seeds.
Oh, this is for you.
It's your payment for the last job.
Broccoli seeds.
[Mob] Now I'm not even getting money.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
-[Reigen] Oh, right!
-[Mob] Hmm?
[Reigen] I planted a cherry tomato seed
in this pot.
So why don't you try sending
some energy into it
to see if you can make it grow faster?
Okay.
-[energy humming]
-[Reigen] Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow!
Holy crap! That's amazing!
I sense a new business venture.
And the taste?
[gulps] Mm.
Mm. Uh-huh.
UMAMI
[Reigen]
You can take these tomatoes home with you.
-[Mob] Uh.
-[music concludes]
-[Mob] Huh?
-[video game noise playing]
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
[mellow music playing]
[man] Welcome back, everyone.
I'd like to call to order
the 12th meeting of
the Psycho Helmet Religion's leadership.
Okay, as per our last meeting,
today's opening topic of discussion
concerns our headquarters.
Uh, sorry to interrupt,
but I've got a question.
I was only hoping to get an update.
Have there been any developments
in the search for our leader?
We've yet to locate him.
Several men have stepped forward
and claimed to be our missing leader,
but all of them were just fakes.
If you remember,
I was the one closest to him onstage
at the LOL gathering place,
so I'm sure of it.
But I've got a few leads,
so I'm positive I can bring in
our leader before too long.
[all gasp, murmur]
[Mezato] And by "leads,"
I mean he's actually been someone
I've known this whole time.
-I don't see any issues…
-[Mezato] I plan on firing up these people
and making Mob a religious icon
-before he even knows what hit him!
-[indistinct chatter]
[Mezato] The only problem is Mob, himself.
There's no way he's capable
of leading anyone right now.
I need him to grow up
and be more confident.
If only there was some kind of activity
or responsibility
that would help him mature.
[Kamuro] Um… I, Shinji Kamuro,
as of this moment,
resign my position
as student council leader.
-[Tokugawa] What?
-[Ritsu gasps]
This is my way of taking responsibility
for my poor leadership.
I spread false rumors
about innocent students,
entirely of my own accord.
An election
for a new student council president
will be held in the very near future.
[Mezato] This is it!
This is just the kind of thing
that could help Mob grow!
Who am I kidding?
He has no incentive
to run in the first place.
What do I do?
-[gasps]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[chuckles softly]
-[music concludes]
[student] Any predictions
for student council president?
Well,
not really.
To be honest,
I just hope it's someone normal, you know?
[Mob] Wow! Tsubomi.
-[giggles]
-[Mob] She's so cute.
-Stop staring at her, it's creepy.
-[yelps]
-Mezato!
-Stop freaking out too.
So, looks like you've really got
a thing for her,
don't you, lover-boy?
[gasps] How did you know?
-[screams]
-Jeez, overreact much?
-[pensive music playing]
-I gotta say,
I'm a little surprised
that you'd fall for the exact same girl
that everybody else
in the entire school is into.
Honestly, I have no idea
what you even see in her.
She's been my friend
since we were little kids.
So, she's really that popular, huh? I see.
It's weird that you ended up so different
since you were childhood friends.
Normally you'd have no chance
with a girl like her,
given your current status as a nobody.
Lucky you!
Now you've got the perfect chance
-to change that.
-Huh? What are you talking about?
STUDENT COUNCIL
[Mezato] The position
of student council president is open!
Right now, you're not worthy
to even stand next to her.
But what if you just so happened
to be the new student council president?
Much more impressive, right?
It might be just the thing
to get you closer
to the girl that everyone wants!
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[gasps]
If you're willing to run for the position,
I'm willing to help.
Of course, you'll owe me big time.
-[whimpers]
-[Mezato] This is your one and only chance
to make a girl like you, Mob!
-[Mob whimpers]
-[dramatic music playing]
[narrator] Starting that day,
Mob trained like never before.
HARDCORE TRAINING MONTAGE
[narrator] And one week later…
[announcer] We will now begin the speeches
for the next
student council president election.
These are your four candidates.
First up will be Kyohei Morishige
of Year Two, Class Two.
[narrator] And so each candidate
was given an opportunity to speak.
[announcer]
Next, from Year Three, Class Four,
-Shinji Kamuro.
-[students murmur]
-For real? What's he doing here?
-Like, didn't he just quit?
[Ritsu] Sir, why did you quit
without telling me?
I was responsible for this too!
[Tokugawa] Well, that doesn't absolve you
from what you did.
Why crawl away and hide?
Run for president again,
and if you win it, make things right.
[Kamuro] Yeah. I'll do better this time.
[inaudible]
[narrator] And then finally,
it was Mob's turn to give his speech.
-[Ritsu] Brother?
-What is he doing up there?
-[students murmur]
-Huh? Is that Mob?
[Mezato] I wrote a hell of a speech
and we've practiced it over and over.
He can win this.
[all] Kageyama! You can do it!
[Onigawara] White T-Poison's
gonna take over the whole school?
What a badass!
[Ritsu] I was going to vote for Kamuro,
-but this definitely changes things.
-[music concludes]
[indistinct chatter]
[announcer]
Finally, we have Shigeo Kageyama
of Year Two, Class One.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[inhales]
[indistinct chatter fades]
-[bell rings]
-[Mezato] It's over.
[narrator]
It was the first time in history
that a candidate spent
the entirety of his allotted five minutes
not uttering a single word.
[melancholic music playing]
VOTING RESULTS
1ST KAMURO - 4TH KAGEYAMA
[Mezato sighs]
Well, he's not gonna lead anything
with that kind of performance.
He needs to grow up
and have more confidence.
[dramatic musical sting]
That was stupid.
I never should've done it.
Look at him.
He's really takin' it hard this time.
-He's not even moving.
-Go home and get some rest, man, okay?
BODY IMPROVEMENT CLUB
[Mob] Okay. I'm sorry.
Huh?
Is… Is this what I think it is?
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU BEHIND THE SCHOOL
It took a lot of courage to stand up there
when you obviously didn't want to.
When I saw you doing that,
I really fell for you.
-So, um…
-[indistinct chatter]
Have any interest in dating me?
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[Mob] Huh?
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[arcade game jingle playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Emi] Hey, Kageyama!
-Uh.
-Walk home with me?
Oh. Well, uh…
-My club is-- [yelps]
-Go on ahead, Kageyama.
We'll train by ourselves today.
Thanks, Musashi. I appreciate it.
Huh? So when in the hell did Mob get
a girlfriend?
[Kijibayashi] No way.
Did he invoke the supernatural?
[Inukawa] Girlfriend?
What's going on here?
[Saruta] I am so jealous!
-[tranquil music playing]
-[birds chirping]
[Emi] So what do you do
in your spare time, Kageyama?
[Mob] Well, I train and run
and do other stuff
with the Body Improvement Club.
And I help this guy I know with his work.
-What does he do?
-Huh? Exorcis-- Uh.
I mean, uh…
It's kind of like a bookstore.
Are you saying you work
at some kind of specialty bookstore?
-Amazing!
-No, it's no big deal.
I'm really not that involved.
I just help with basic things
here and there.
It's still cool!
I'd love to work
at a place like that someday.
[Mob] I can't believe I just lied to her.
But she'd be creeped out
if I told her I was a part-time exorcist.
[Emi] You look kinda pale. You okay?
[Mob] I'm fine.
So, do you like books, Emi?
[Emi] Uh, yeah, I do.
Um… [chuckles nervously]
-I guess I could tell you, Kageyama.
-[Mob] Hmm?
In my spare time,
I write novels and stuff.
[gasps] Wow! That's amazing!
[Emi] How is that amazing?
Oh, I get it. You think it's dumb, huh?
No. I don't think that at all.
It's great. Really.
I just couldn't come up
with anything else to say.
[chuckles softly]
Maybe I'll let you read one.
Never shown them to anybody.
And it's kind of embarrassing,
but if you want to…
[Mob] I'd love to read them.
[narrator] After that, Mob walked Emi home
from school every day.
-[whooshing]
-How's it going, Mob?
You're home kinda early.
What, did you quit
the Body Improvement Club?
-Mm-mm. I'm headed back up to school now.
-[Dimple] Huh?
[door opens, closes]
-I wonder why he even came home, then?
-[music concludes]
-[energy whooshing]
-What's up, Mob?
You're looking pretty chipper today,
aren't ya?
You pumped for the exorcism?
Chipper and pumped, huh?
Guess I didn't notice.
-[Reigen] Get a girlfriend or something?
-[Mob gasps]
Who am I kidding? [laughs]
[Mob] Looks like we're finished here,
so I'll be heading home now-- [grunts]
-Bye!
-[Reigen] Uh…
-[dramatic musical sting]
-Huh?
-[tranquil music playing]
-One more please.
My growing boy!
It's rare for you to ask for seconds.
So what's wrong, Shigeo?
Did you use up too much
of your psychic powers?
No, it's nothing like that.
[Ritsu] I thought for sure
he'd be depressed after the election.
Glad to see he's doing all right.
ONE WEEK LATER
Looks like you're just about finished.
Is it okay?
It's great. At least, I think so.
You know a lot of words, don't you?
Uh.
-[music concludes]
-What…
If you don't understand it,
then just say so.
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[gasps] No, wait. It's not that.
I really did pay attention when I read it.
So, Kageyama…
it's been about a week now
since I asked you out.
And that sort of has me wondering,
why are you still walking home with me
after you turned me down?
Is it 'cause
you've been feeling sorry for me?
Huh? No, it's nothing like that. I swear.
I know you're going back to your club
after you walk me home.
[Emi] You just keep trying
to make me feel better.
Is it sympathy?
-It makes me feel like a loser.
-[soft music playing]
[Mob] Oh. I'm sorry.
That's not what I meant.
Constant apologies.
Now that I'm thinking about it,
I don't know how you really feel at all.
Or maybe, the truth is…
-you don't actually have any feelings.
-[gasps]
[Emi] I mean, like,
your own opinions about stuff.
Like that speech where you just froze up.
You only ran for president
because someone else told you to, right?
-[sighs]
-Listen.
You know,
I'm actually kind of the same way.
Seriously?
[Emi] The only reason
I asked you out is because I lost a bet.
My friends thought
your silent speech was hilarious,
so we played rock-paper-scissors
and I lost.
At first, I was scared,
because if you turned me down,
everybody would laugh at me.
But since you walked home with me,
-no one found out that you actually did.
-[cell phone buzzing]
Thanks for that.
It's been long enough by now, though,
so I figured I had to tell you the truth.
I'm sorry I lied to you for a week.
See ya.
[inaudible]
-[music concludes]
-[crows cawing]
[friend 1] Wait a second.
You write novels? That's so lame!
[friends laugh]
Let me read it!
[scoffs] Just look at all these big words.
What is this crap?
[chuckles] Hey, cut it out.
Stop looking at that stuff.
It's embarrassing, okay?
[friend 1]
Hmm. Are you serious about this?
No, it's just something I do
in my spare time.
-Looks like a waste of time! There.
-[laughs]
[friend 1] I can't believe
you sit around writing this junk all day.
[Emi] I… I don't do it all day.
Come on, stop it.
Now you're getting litter everywhere.
No, it's all right. Rip it.
Shred it up into tiny pieces.
-[tense music plays, fades]
-[friends laughing]
Don't. Stop it.
Huh? Who are you?
[Emi] Kageyama?
[friend 2] I remember him!
He's the guy who froze like a statue
during his speech.
[friend 3] Wait, he can talk?
Hey, what's your problem, bowl-cut?
Emi asked you out because she lost a bet.
Did you think she was serious?
-Too funny.
-Look, she's not your girlfriend, doofus.
She worked hard to write that novel.
It's mean to rip it up.
Huh?
You said it was just to kill time, right?
Uh… Uh, yeah. Totally.
[friend 1] See? You heard her, loser.
Go on. Get lost.
Did you hear me? I said go.
[Mob] I don't think of this as litter.
If you're throwing it away,
I'm going to pick it up.
I do have feelings.
When I listen, they remind me…
what's important in my heart.
-[soft music playing]
-[gasps]
-H… Hold on. What's he talking about?
-What a creepy weirdo.
Uh.
[friend 1] Emi?
I'll be fine. Go on without me.
Okay.
-[friend 1] See ya around.
-[friend 2] Bye.
-[wind blowing]
-[Emi gasps]
Aw.
What are we even doing?
Wanna chase 'em down? [chuckles softly]
But seriously, thank you.
And don't worry.
I can just write another one.
Huh?
[energy whooshing]
[gasps]
[paper whooshing]
[music concludes]
By the way, I'm a psychic.
-Ah…
-["Gray" playing]
[exhales]
[chuckles]
Thank you, Kageyama.
Nice one, Mob.
RIPPED APART
~SOMEONE IS WATCHING~
[Dimple] Wait a minute, Mob,
are you for real?
If something that fun was going on,
you should've called me!
Besides, it's not every day
you show somebody
your psychic powers, you know?
Seriously!
-So! What happened after that?
-What do you mean?
I mean with this Emi girl!
Did she change her mind
when she found out what you can do?
Maybe even fall in love with you for real?
Come on, spill it.
She's not that kind of girl.
My powers wouldn't change things.
Honestly? That blows my mind.
[Emi] That was unbelievable.
[chuckles]
Oh, Kageyama, you're so amazing.
[gasps]
A middle school kid with psychic powers.
[Dimple] Whoa, hold up.
You're saying you fell
for another love letter?
Okay, that settles it!
You really do need me
as your advisor on every decision!
From now on, no matter where you go,
I'll always be with you.
That's kinda creepy.
[Dimple] You offer a guy a hand
and what do you get? Figures.
[song concludes]
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[Reigen] It's time to explore
some urban legends!
The Human-Faced Dog, Dash Granny,
Red Raincoat, the Dragger, and more!
Mob, you handle the rest.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode two,
"Urban Legends ~Encountering Rumors~."
Watching part II as it airs?
That's an excellent decision.